c:\users\luis_blanco\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Pluralsight.AngularDotNet\WebMvc\bin\WebMvc.dll.config
c:\users\luis_blanco\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Pluralsight.AngularDotNet\WebMvc\bin\WebMvc.dll
c:\users\luis_blanco\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Pluralsight.AngularDotNet\WebMvc\bin\WebMvc.pdb
c:\users\luis_blanco\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Pluralsight.AngularDotNet\WebMvc\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\luis_blanco\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Pluralsight.AngularDotNet\WebMvc\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\luis_blanco\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Pluralsight.AngularDotNet\WebMvc\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\luis_blanco\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Pluralsight.AngularDotNet\WebMvc\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\luis_blanco\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Pluralsight.AngularDotNet\WebMvc\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\luis_blanco\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Pluralsight.AngularDotNet\WebMvc\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\luis_blanco\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Pluralsight.AngularDotNet\WebMvc\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\luis_blanco\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Pluralsight.AngularDotNet\WebMvc\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\luis_blanco\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Pluralsight.AngularDotNet\WebMvc\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\luis_blanco\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Pluralsight.AngularDotNet\WebMvc\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\luis_blanco\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Pluralsight.AngularDotNet\WebMvc\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\luis_blanco\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Pluralsight.AngularDotNet\WebMvc\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\luis_blanco\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Pluralsight.AngularDotNet\WebMvc\obj\Debug\WebMvc.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\luis_blanco\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Pluralsight.AngularDotNet\WebMvc\obj\Debug\WebMvc.dll
c:\users\luis_blanco\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Pluralsight.AngularDotNet\WebMvc\obj\Debug\WebMvc.pdb
c:\users\luis_blanco\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Pluralsight.AngularDotNet\WebMvc\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\luis_blanco\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Pluralsight.AngularDotNet\WebMvc\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\Pluralsight.AngularDotNet\WebMvc\bin\WebMvc.dll.config
D:\Pluralsight.AngularDotNet\WebMvc\bin\WebMvc.dll
D:\Pluralsight.AngularDotNet\WebMvc\bin\WebMvc.pdb
D:\Pluralsight.AngularDotNet\WebMvc\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\Pluralsight.AngularDotNet\WebMvc\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
D:\Pluralsight.AngularDotNet\WebMvc\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\Pluralsight.AngularDotNet\WebMvc\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\Pluralsight.AngularDotNet\WebMvc\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
D:\Pluralsight.AngularDotNet\WebMvc\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
D:\Pluralsight.AngularDotNet\WebMvc\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
D:\Pluralsight.AngularDotNet\WebMvc\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\Pluralsight.AngularDotNet\WebMvc\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\Pluralsight.AngularDotNet\WebMvc\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
D:\Pluralsight.AngularDotNet\WebMvc\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
D:\Pluralsight.AngularDotNet\WebMvc\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
D:\Pluralsight.AngularDotNet\WebMvc\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
D:\Pluralsight.AngularDotNet\WebMvc\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\Pluralsight.AngularDotNet\WebMvc\obj\Debug\WebMvc.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Pluralsight.AngularDotNet\WebMvc\obj\Debug\WebMvc.dll
D:\Pluralsight.AngularDotNet\WebMvc\obj\Debug\WebMvc.pdb
